So up to this point we were displaying our list of blog posts and we allowed users to add them so we
had to create for showing a forum and store for actually saving.
A new blog post A.T..
But now let's remind ourselves about the resource controls so you can go to the Vicki page about the
resource controllers.
And here you can see the resource methods table.
So this is a list of all the actions that are being automatically created.
When you define your controller inside the web BHP as a resource route.
So that's our post controller.
But we only specified that we want this for actions.
So if you will go terminal and type HP artisan on the route least you can see that we have four actions
enabled For our Post controller.
So now let's go back to the table and see what actions are for displaying the edit form and actually
modifying an existing entity.
So what we have here first is the action called EDIT So it accepts one parameter and it is using the
get verb so we can also enable it inside our roots so this will display the editing form.
And the last one that the one that will actually modify the post is called update.
So let's add update.
Now let's go back to our resource method stable.
So what you might have noticed is that we have the same your eyes for different actions.
So it's the same for showing individual blog posts updating and also the same for destroying.
So normally if you would paste this your url to your browser browser it will automatically do I get
a request but there are also different verbs that mean different things.
So it's a common practice that you would use put or a path for updating resources delete for deleting
and post for creating.
So normally this is often used if you create web API for example arrest API that you would use with
your view J.S. or react apps but Lavell also suggests this practice to use these proper verbs HDP verbs
with your normal form requests so just remember that that we are using specific HDP verbs for their
actions but I will learn later show you how we will actually achieve that.
Let's see our current route least So now you see that we have six routes and if you would compare that
with what we have inside our resource metal table you can see that there are seven possible routes so
there is another way we can specify which routes we want.
So currently we use only to get only those that we want but since we are using six out of seven it will
be easier to use except and that way will tell the resource controller only which ones we do not want
to use.
So instead of those six we'll just destroy and turn the resource controller that we want everything
except the Destroy.
So if you will now maybe clear the screen so it's invisible.
Now if you were on the route list again you see that we have all this six routes except the destroy
one.
So this is a matter of your preference your choice.
But generally it's just shorter syntax so I'd prefer to use whatever makes more sense.
Now let's go back to the post controller and actually create those new routes.
So we need to add new action
and it would be called edit.
So this would be the action to display on editing form.
So this would be simple.
We'll just return our view with the Post the Post's editor view.
So we didn't have that view yet.
And we can simply create it.
So let's create edit blade BHP and for now let's just copy the contents of the Create template later.
We'll see how we can make it more efficient because a lot of these things will be the same for both
creating and editing.
But for now let's just use a separate separate template.
And the last action we need here is the update so let's create the method for the update action.
So now this edit action actually has to accept an idea of the post that we are supposed to edit.
So you can see what we did inside the show action.
So we actually do not need that request because we have used that for reflux.
But you can see that even though on the root it is actually posts and we use that I.D. So as I said
before the name of your arguments that doesn't matter.
They just have to be in order.
So if you will have more arguments you will just add them using comma and you can give any name to them.
But it's up to you if you prefer to use I.D. or the same name that is inside the root so saying that
we can do the same with edit because we need a block post.
Instance here so we can do the same what we did on the show action so we can use fined or fail so let's
assign it to a post variable so block post fined or fail with the I.D. and we'll have to pass this post
to our view and that's because we have to show the current values of the posts of the post to the user.
And also we have to generate a proper route for updating a post.
So now let's just start with this.
Now inside our edit template now we do not use the store but instead we will use the update so let's
modify the route to posts update.
And it also has to have a parameter and the parameter name is post
so we'll specify a parameter inside array and we have access to the post variable which we have passed.
So this is how it will look.
Currently
now since I told you that for the updating actions we'll use put or puff and yet this form has metal
posts so there is no other way inside HD email forums to specify the method.
So the method only accepts get or post so what we have to do is called The Method spoofing so we can
use method directive and specify the HDP verb so method spoofing is some I somehow knew some inside
the Lavell where you will send a post request for example but yet it will also include a hidden field
called underscore method and then this will be treated by larval like UFOs.
Yeah like if you would send an actual request with the put method.
So let's save the changes and now we have our values.
So we have to fetch the values that we have passed through our post variable and since we have this
old helper here to display the values that didn't pass the validation it also accepts a second parameter
which is a default value.
So if there wasn't anything sent before.
So nothing is flashed to the session already.
We can provide the default value and it's a good occasion to put here.
The actual post title
so this was words like initially will always show the post title because nothing was said before but
then if the user would send something and it won't pass the validation it he will see everything that
he sent previously and it was flashed through this session.
So now let's do the same with the content.
So here really want that post content attribute.
Now finally we have to change the label to update and we can keep this error as the same will eventually
make one template out of date.
Now let's go to our index.
As it contains a list of all the blog posts we've a link to them.
So now let's put another link to modify an existing blog post so we'll use the root and the root is
as you see here it is.
Edit So posts.
Edit and the post is the post I d.
And maybe the label would be.
Edit So now let's see List of our blog posts.
So we have a title and under it there is a link to edit and of course it works.
You can open any blog post and you'll see the original title and content that you will be able to update
but we'll do that in the next lecture.